IDASynergy - (c) 2014 Cubica Labs
==============

Prerequisites
-------------

**PySide for IDA Pro, specific for your IDAPython version.**

- http://hex-rays.com/idapro/ida/windows_pyside_python26_package.zip<br />
- http://hex-rays.com/idapro/ida/windows_pyside_python27_package.zip

**Pysvn**

- Windows and OSX: Can be downloaded as a binary package from:

	- http://pysvn.tigris.org/project_downloads.html

- Linux: It's available by default in the Ubuntu repositories.

Installation
------------
To install **IDASynergy**, copy the contents of the source tree to:

	%APPDATA%\Hex-Rays\IDA Pro\

**WARNING: If you already have an idapythonrc.py under that directory, just add the contents of idapythonrc.py to it.**

Then launch **IDA Pro** as usual. You will find **IDASynergy** under both the *FILE* and *OPTIONS* menus.

Directory Structure
-------------------

As a recommendation for the organization of **IDASynergy** projects, it is encouraged to use the following directory-structure. This is just a recommendation, you could obviously have all your local repositories together in a *svn* directory somewhere. But for starters, you can use this:
	
	C:\path\to\your\binary.exe
	C:\path\to\your\binary.idb
	C:\path\to\your\local_repo\

So the local repository are in the same folder, but the IDB and the .dat files generated by **IDASynergy** are not in the same dir. This is recommended so you don't commit the idb by mistake. Just that.

Initial Checkout
------------

**SVN users**:

- If this is the **first commit** of the project, please use the "*IDASynergy SVN Commit*" option in the File menu

- If you need to **checkout** the project, please use the "*IDASynergy SVN Checkout*" option in the File menu

- If the project is **already checked-out** in your local copy, use the "*IDASynergy Load from local repository*" option instead

- You can **update** the local copy without leaving IDA Pro by using the "*IDASynergy SVN update*" option


**Non-SVN users**:

If your version control software is **not** SVN, you will need to manually manage your repository

- Use the "*Load from local repository*" option whenever you want to import changes to IDA

Known Security Issues
-----------

There are two known *security* issues in this software, that we're going to fix in the releases to come:

- If the SVN server's security certificate is not signed, we accept it without user verification.

  - This allows for MITM attacks
- We store the password in plain-text on the config file.

  - If your machine gets owned, the password can be retrieved with no effort.